TEMPLATE_VAULT/START HERE.md, before:

---
tags: Utility
aliases: 
  - 
cssclass:
---

# About this system

Business is complex, there's a lot that can be customized and tweaked to work for your unique environment.

With the `Data View` plugin you can add your own custom `YAML` header information and query it. That alone is powerful.

Included in this template vault is a lot of my custom templates, my custom CSS, and some initial structure to get started for things like `#Training` `#Meeting`s tracking People, etc.

This system is incredibly flexible but does take some fine tuning to get setup well.

## Plugins

Some of the system relies on some 3rd party plugins

- Querying: 
	- `Dataview`
- Daily Notes:
	- `Periodic Notes`
	- `Calendar`
	- `Day Planner`
	- `Templater`
- and there are a myriad of other helpful plugins added that i think would be very helpful.

## The Office 365 Utilities

The `.vba` Utilities are meant for Outlook Only and are still very volatile but are being rigorously tested and have much more development left to be done one them.

See the `README.MD` in the Github Repo for how to begin utilizing them.

# Next Steps

- Make sure you turn **OFF** safemode in the community plugins tab under settings
- Activate (turn on) all the plugins
- Start to get familiar with the system and see how everything is setup and what you might want to change
- [Got a question?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/q-a), [Want a new feature?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/ideas), [Want to chat with other business users?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/general), [Want to show off cool things you've set up?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/show-and-tell)
	- Make a new discussion: [HERE](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions)	
	- If your idea is accepted as a change that will be implemented then take it to the next level and open a formal issue: [HERE](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
		- and read the issue prompts carefully and address them

Commit message:

add plugins, refactor for templatr

TEMPLATE_VAULT/START HERE.md, after:

---
tags: Utility
aliases: 
  - 
cssclass:
---

# About this system

Business is complex, there's a lot that can be customized and tweaked to work for your unique environment.

With the `Data View` plugin you can add your own custom `YAML` header information and query it. That alone is powerful.

Included in this template vault is a lot of my custom templates, my custom CSS, and some initial structure to get started for things like `#Training` `#Meeting`s tracking People, etc.

This system is incredibly flexible but does take some fine tuning to get setup well.

## Plugins

Some of the system relies on some 3rd party plugins

- Querying: 
	- `Dataview`
- Daily Notes:
	- `Periodic Notes`
	- `Calendar`
	- `Day Planner`
	- `Templater`
- and there are a myriad of other helpful plugins added that i think would be very helpful.
- Do update all the plugins when first opening the vault (**HIGHLY** recommended)

## The Office 365 Utilities

The `.vba` Utilities are meant for Outlook Only and are still very volatile but are being rigorously tested and have much more development left to be done one them.

See the `README.MD` in the Github Repo for how to begin utilizing them.

# Next Steps

- Make sure you turn **OFF** safemode in the community plugins tab under settings
- Activate (turn on) all the plugins
- Start to get familiar with the system and see how everything is setup and what you might want to change
- [Got a question?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/q-a), [Want a new feature?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/ideas), [Want to chat with other business users?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/general), [Want to show off cool things you've set up?](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions/categories/show-and-tell)
	- Make a new discussion: [HERE](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/discussions)	
	- If your idea is accepted as a change that will be implemented then take it to the next level and open a formal issue: [HERE](https://github.com/tallguyjenks/obsidian-business/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
		- and read the issue prompts carefully and address them
